do not touch the patient - charging
I think that the most important things
that the cadets learn in this course is
the very basics is the resuscitation
it's your trauma patient assessment
model
it's your intravenous infusion these are
the things that will be most commonly
used by the medics out in the field and
the CPR and the AED cost is accredited
by the National resuscitation council
the skills taught at the course allows
the medic to resuscitate a patient who
has collapsed original white budino ad
stands for the automated external
defibrillator in the SAF we have two
different beds of AED this to a debased
they're the same function it will
automatically pick up any abnormal heart
rhythm and it will shock if necessary
then icd-10 oh boy okay so you're here
for easy test now right so basically
I'll just give you a scenario respond
any video series we see how it was
obtained Hey
these the enum place electrodes on chest
and plug into a so the first pair of
piece below the collarbone above the
right nipple okay and just raise up any
squeeze of any gas bubbles from
underneath the back box and the second
one which is under the medical screening
with your constipation analyzing okay I
clear it now you must be pressurizing
means the test so this will be our
pressure there and you've got the
machine has a real casual Tyrion of
course I think the pressure would be
quite big
we are pretty clear for the caller
you're quite quite confident in the
steps possible for this to do so to be
in here is definitely mentally straining
because you need to memorize a lot of
technical and scientific terms and even
really memorizing all the process and
protocols at the same time looking at
all the different signs and symptoms we
know where to apply and when to apply
the CPR and also the additional issues
we learn about infant here so as a medic
we need to be well versed if the whole
spectrum of CPR kaftan across okay
basically for today you guys actually
went to the ad package so this is the
first milestone that you guys have
o'clock okay in SMT I to become a
lifesaver okay as of today onwards okay
you guys are what we call the lifesavers
okay okay with that we also hope you're
looking forward to your submission
training the submission lap whereby a
mannequin who is able to simulate a
black cavity talking and also behavior
and also the Science in terms it will
enhance you with the confidence when
you're out there doing Cobbers and not
dealing with your roller Pacioretty
one thing good about training in this
simulation centers is that we can
simulate any environment
let it be day/night okay or any medical
emergencies in this military PEM combat
zone he gives us the real-life
experience of how we will have to treat
casualties in a wall the different
lighting and sound effects is very
impressive well Medical Center so many
community from Ketchikan we're
transferring over I'll teach you now
this is where case of Medusa came into
my Center the formatting should be
activated together the mo to resuscitate
the Cassity and medical crises Islam
with this setting of a my Center in the
summation like this top actually it
enables the trainees to be able to work
as a team of four including the mo and
from there you actually can see how the
team actually communicates with each
other communications are one of the key
points are for the lesson here the
mannequin has many new functions which
the old mannequins do not have for
example like you can see that the chest
compressions and their and the timing
along with life and hard sound features
among many others a new development what
you see is what you get can you taste it
rather than blue or your start hearing
or coffee so it's more realistic in a
sense the greatest thing about MSD C is
that once one when one group is
performing the rest of the cadets they
will be sitting inside and observing
their their performance after which they
can comment on the mistakes and the
solutions that they found for those
problems so it's a great learning
experience for all of them because they
get to learn a lot of hands-on skills
nothing will truly replace a real-life
experience like a hospital or an
ambulance attachment however MSD sees
the next closest thing available
you